The month 十二ヶ月 一年十二ヶ月の名称
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December
一年の最初の月は正月ですから 一年の第十二番目の月は十二月ですまで
The sixth month of the year is June. The seventh month of the year is July. The eighth month of the year is August.
The ninth month of the year is September. The tenth month of the year is October. The eleventh month of the year is November.
The twelfth month of the year is December. The first day of January is called the New Year's Day.
正月の第一日は元日と申します。 The last day of December is called the New Year's Eve.
十二月の最後の日は序夜と申します。 How many days are there in January?
正月には幾日ありますか? There are thirty-one days in January.
正月には三十一日あります。 How many days are there in February?
正月には幾日ありますか? There are twenty-eight days.
二十八日あります。 Once in four years, February has twenty-nine days.
四年に一度、二月に二十九日あります。 Then it is leap year.
その時は潤年です。 How many days are there in a year?
一年には幾日ありますか? There are three hundred and sixty-five days.
一年には三百六十五日あります。 In leap years, we have one day more.
潤年にはもう一日余計にあります。 In leap years, we have one day more.
言葉、ことわざ、Make hay while the sun shines.
日の出る間に草を干せ。 Hunger is the best source.
空腹は何よりの調味料です。 Hunger is the best seasoning.